
es the acronym KISS mean and how does following this make you a better computer programmer?	
	A.  Keep it simple stupid.
2.	What does the acronym DRY mean and why is it an essential principle of being a good computer programmer?
	A.  Don't repeat yourself.
3.	What is the difference between a database like MongoDB and MySQL?
	A.  MongoDB allows you to put an entire table in one cell where as MySQL only allows one piece of data per cell 
		necessitating the need for many tables thus the need for relations.
4.	If you were asked to write a program that could write at least 50 different HTML tags how would you do it?
	A. use a function in PHP that allows a user to pass in the tag name as a variable and let the program do the rest. 
5.	What software design pattern would you be demonstrating in in the above solution?
	A. Object oriented programming.
6.	What version control system(s) have you used?
	A. Github.
7.	What is GitHub and have you ever used it? 
	A. a version control system that allows for joint version control among many other features, YES!.
8.	What is the command to create a GIT repository
	A. git init
9.	What is the command to tell GIT to start tracking the file?
	A. git add <file name>
10.	What is the command to commit your changes to the GIT log?
	git commit -m 'some comment'
11.	What is the command to add a remote repository?
	 git remote add origin git@github.com:<user name>/<file name>.git
12.	What is the command to send your committed changes to the remote repository?
	A. git push -u origin master.
13.	What is your experience working in a software development team?
	A. In a class project collaberation of  file functions  and html tags functions 
14.	How would you create a new file and directory in linux?
	A. NEW DIRECTORY- mkdir <directory name>, NEW FILE - vi <file name>.php
15.	How would you set the permissions on a file / folder, so that another user can write to it   i.e. so you the webserver can upload a file to the directory.
	A. in github go to control setting and allow other to edit 
16.	What program do you use to write your PHP code?
	A. eclipse and vi editor.
17.	What is a constructor in PHP and how/why would you use it?
	A. the function the is called automatically when you instantiate the class, used so you don't have to specify the function name
18.	What is the difference between a class and an object?
	A. the class is the blueprint the object is the actual instantiation of it.
19.	Why is it important to comment / document your code?
	A. to make it reusable
20.	What traits do you think a good computer programmer has?
	A. the ablilty to think through a problem clearly and to be able to break down the problem into smaller conquerable pieces.
